- 👋 Hi, I’m @jjdcorke (Jérémie Corkery)
I'm a recent graduate from the University of Waterloo with a BSc. Honours Mathematical Physics with a minor in Astrophysics! I also have 3+ years of work experience in IT and Cybersecurity Analyst. I'm currently looking for work in Data Science, IT, Cybersecurity or the Games industry.

Coding Experience
=================

My experience coding largely revolves around leveraging numerical methods and algorithms to solve probelms from a wide variety of topics in physics such as classical mechanics, electricity and magnetism, quantum mechanics, astronomy, etc. This experience mainly comes from having taken the Computational Physics 1-2 courses at UW (PHYS 236/239) which were taught in **Python**. In these, we covered various integration/differentiation schemes, curve fitting, differential equations (IVP/BVP), as well as monte-carlo methods. For more in depth breakdown of topics/examples see *Computational Physics 2nd Edition by Mark Newmann*

I am also well versed in data analysis and visualization using **Pandas, Seaborn, SciPy and StatsModel** and **Matplotlib**. I have used these tools in various courses and professional settings such as in my role as a Research Assistant at the Institute for Quantum Computing.

I've also completed PHYS 449: Machine Learning in Physics where we covered theoretically and implemented a wide variety of ML algorithms for various tasks. We started with simple linear-regression and multiple linear regression which we implemented from scratch. From there, we covered vanilla NN (neural network) and convolutional NN for classification, prediction and approximation and implemented an MNIST classifier. we then covered recurrent networks and sequencial models where we implemented a neural ODE solver to learn a vector field associated with the DE and plot a solution given inital conditions. We also covered energy based models and implemented a fully visible Bolztmann machine. We then covered generative models and implmented a variational autoencoder to generate MNIST-like digits. We briefly covered transformers, attention based models and reinforcement learning. Let me know if you would like access to these and I will gladly give it to you. You can find these assignments in the PHYS 449 Repo.

Our final group project for this course was attempting to replicate results from a paper using machine learning for physics related applications. The paper my group chose was *Learning Mesh-Based Simulations Using Graph Networks* by Pfaff et al. We were successful in replication of results and actually improved the model with global self-attention and self-correcting rollouts. I mostly lead project management efforts as well as assisted for data generation and wrote some portions of the training code.These modifications allowed the model to exhibit better stability when compared to the original work and ground truth. You can find this in the MeshGraphNet repo. 

Inrecently took a stellar astrophysics course where we used code for various applications including solving stellar structure equations. this code can be found under PHYS 375. 

I also have a strong interest in real-time simulation applications (i.e. game engines) and am currently learning implement path tracing from peter shirley's resource along with and game engine architecture from the book *Game Engine Architecture by Jason Gregory*. I am using this as a way to learn C++ as a side project and I am just starting. This interest is split between real-time computer graphics and real-time physics simulation. 